# Attendees

* Jeff Casimir
* Chandra Carney
* Gregory Narajka
* Krista Nelson
* Mike Dao
* Miriam Moser
* Lori Culberson
* Thomas Leskin
* Tess Griffin

# Notes

## What's one success from the first week-and-a-half of the module?

* 1502: surviving so far, getting through the work
* 1409: Danny giving himself a job, testing JavaScript, people having job interviews
* 1410: Doing jQuery, having Jorge as a "client" and Josh doing technical reviews
* 1412: Task Manager felt like an easy-ish "win"

## What's one unaddressed problem at Turing?

* Inconsistency in evaluations / assessments. Are rubrics effective / accurate?
* We revisiting an assignment with instructors, we don't get all the way through the implementation (1502)
* We need to do more to recognize and intervene earlier when students are struggling
* Some of the back seats/desks in classrooms make it tough to see the screen / hear the instructor
* It's hard to hear, particularly in Classroom A, when instructors don't use the mics
* The air in C is basically unusable -- too loud
* Nobody knows how to give critical, supportive feedback -- either about peers or staff, hesitant to put things in the survey
* Pairing -- older cohorts don't like it, don't really know how to do it, think it's only a crutch, miss learning opportunities
* Posse cleanup time needs more celebration of success / accountability for skipping out - shout-outs to David, Tim, others
* Noise levels within a group/class. IE, when a teacher is teaching, there are often side conversations going on.
* Better guidance/instruction/patterns on how to ask for help from mentors and alumni
* Not enough accountability on projects

## Discussion

* Evals/Rubrics: definitely needs some revision. Pull requests accepted. It'd be interesting to organize some peer-to-peer assessment practice to lower anxiety and practice feedback. Friday work time might be a good time.
* Pairing: lots of friction. 1502 is doing exercises right now. Cross cohort pairing has been "the best." The more senior person gets to deepen their understanding, both sides get a lot out of it.
* Recording & A/V: let's get all staff on ScreenFlow and uploading videos to Vimeo. Jeff will experiment with some better A/V setups particularly in Classroom A.

## Next Steps

* Continue a bit of discussion in Slack
* Work on A/V setup for A
* Get staff to purchase ScreenFlow
* Get staff to use mics consistently
* Setup a next meeting for two weeks from today
